Name:Neeti Negi
Headline:Sr. Technical Recruiter at Mitchell Martin Inc.
Location:Greater New York City Area
Summary:Joined Mitchell Martin in 2009 and bring a wealth of knowledge to the recruitment process. My backgroundconsists of 10 years of diverse industy experience as Senior Recruiter in IT Consulting. I specializes in the Finance & Pharmaceutical. My insight combined with the ability to produce exceptional results, has allowed me to build and maintain long lasting relationships with the candidates and the marketplace. “My philosophy as a Recruiter is to provide a level of service and judgment to the clients and candidates that builds a strong foundation to a long lasting relationship.”Specialties: Recruiting Application Development resources (Java, J2EE, C# / ASP.NET, .NET Framework 3.5/4.0/4.5, iOS, C++) for Capital Market clients.Send your resume to nnegi@itmmi.com Mitchell Martin Inc. (MMI) is a staffing and solutions firm established in 1984, specializing in the recruitment of Information Technology professionals. The company provides staff augmentation, solutions, permanent placement, and payroll services to our clients. We have expanded our service offerings to include Specializations in Professional Staffing, Governance/Risk/Compliance, HCM/ERP/Salesforce, Business Intelligence, and Healthcare IT.Our service engages our internal employees, clients, and candidates living our core values; Commitment to the Greater Good, Service our Client and Candidate Customers Above all Else, We are Never Complacent, Bring an Energetic, Enthusiastic Approach to our Work, and We are Agile to Meet the Demands of the Ever Changing Market. For 2016 MMI has been named one of the "50 Fastest Growing Staffing Firms in the US," “Best Staffing Firms to Work For” by Staffing Industry Analysts SIA, and the Staffing 100. In 2015 MMI was included in “Largest Staffing Firms in the U.S.”We welcome you to experience the MMI difference at: www.mitchellmartin.com and see why “your talent, is our passion”.
See more

Experience:7 yrs 4 mos,3 yrs,
Skills:Recruiting,Staff Augmentation,Temporary Placement,Human Resources,Permanent Placement,Technical Recruiting,Interviews,Java,Consulting,Java Enterprise Edition,Benefits Negotiation,Staffing Services,Screening,.NET,Software Development,Internet Recruiting,Contract Recruitment,IT Recruitment,Screening Resumes,
