Name:Renee L. Fox
Headline:Sr. Technical Recruiter at CRi. Hiring Java,.NET, Mobile, UI and much more....Direct Hire, Contract-to-Hire/Contract.
Location:Greater Omaha Area
Summary:I have been a recruiter for the past 20 years living in my hometown of Omaha, NE. Although I have lived here most ofmy life, I have had an opportunity to recruit for companies across the U.S. I’ve interviewed and hired thousands of people for all types of roles (Call Center, Client Services, Sales, Finance/Audit, HR, Marketing, Legal, Engineers and for the past 6 years IT positions).I’ve had a rewarding career of assisting talented people join great organizations and change their lives for the better; advancing their career; getting them back into the workforce; moving them closer to family. My main focus has been and always will be matching the right candidate up with the right position within a company.Have you explored opportunities with Client Resources Inc. (CRi) recently? We are a technology partner that business leaders turn to for on-demand technology solutions and IT talent. From the conventional to the cutting edge, we employ some of the BEST IT talent to leverage technology in pursuit of our clients’ goals. We just celebrated our 17th year anniversary and going strong with 100+ client relationships. Our entire culture revolves around our “get it great” service. We believe that our clients and IT consultants deserve the best. We focus on five fundamentals:Customer Service Technical Strength Initiative FlexibilityProfessionalism CRi offers the flexibility of short-term and long-term consulting positions as well as direct hire and project staffing. We offer competitive salaries and benefits to all of our payroll employees. Most positions are located in Omaha/Lincoln Nebraska. I have multiple developer opportunities available in the CRi local markets. Many of my clients are seeking IT talent such as Java, .NET and Front-end web developers for new development project work. We also have Network, Data Analyst/BI, Quality Assurance, Business Analyst and IT Project Manager positions.Contact me and let's schedule a time to talk!

Experience:6 yrs 10 mos,6 mos,3 mos,4 mos,1 yr 8 mos,
Skills:Talent Acquisition,Recruiting,Sourcing,Talent Management,Leadership,Human Resources,Management,Interviews,Technical Recruiting,Onboarding,Applicant Tracking Systems,Employee Training,Hiring,Employee Relations,Social Networking,Temporary Staffing,Contract Recruitment,Internet Recruiting,Screening,Permanent Placement,
